Take a use case where we will build an agent which is backed by knowledge base. So the use case goes as follows. We have an employee handbook from Nova Bridge Technologies, and this handbook contains details about the employee policies at Nova Bridge Technologies. Let's see what all it contains. It contains different employment policies, code and conduct, ethics, compensation and benefits, leave and time off policies, and various other policies related to employees.
What we want to do is build an agent that will answer any query related to employee policies. This agent will be used by employees of this company, and they will ask any question related to employee policy. If the answer lies in this particular document, the agent should be able to answer that particular query.
However, if the answer is not present in this particular document, it should say that I do not know the answer to your query. So let's see how we can do that
So we are going to build this agent and the knowledge base in the studio platform at studio.lyza.ai. So firstly, we will create the knowledge base. Followed by that, we will create the agent, which will use this knowledge base. In order to create the knowledge base, from the left navigation menu, go to Knowledge Base, and on the top right, click on the New button and select Knowledge Base.
We will create a basic knowledge base. However, we do support graph-based knowledge base as well. Let's give it a good name, say, Nova Bridge Employee Policies, a description Knowledge base containing employee policies for Nova Bridge Technologies employees. And then select the vector store as per your choice and the text embedding model as per your choice.
I will leave both of them as default, and I'll create the knowledge base. Now, in knowledge base, we support multiple types of sources. These are all unstructured data present in the form of text. So we support adding files. The files could be of different formats, .pdf, .docx, .txt. We also support adding websites.
Whenever you add a website, you can crawl the website to multiple subpages, and all those web pages could be added as a knowledge base. Then we also support text and live source. Live source supports drives like SharePoint and Google Drive as well as website. This option is useful whenever you want to recrawl and reprocess the data again and again at regular intervals because the data is updating at the source.
For example, when you select website, you do have an option of resync interval, and you can have appropriate interval set so that the recrawl and reprocessing happens at this interval. In our case, we have a PDF file, so we will click on Add source, Add file, and select our employee handbook PDF. Now, given that this is a PDF file, we support multiple PDF parsers.
For each of the parser, you have a short description about the capabilities of that parser. For LLM Sherpa, here is a good point to note that it is best for structured documents with tables and complex layouts, and we do have tables in our PDF file. So let's go with this parser, click Continue, and upload this file At this point in time, the PDF file is getting processed.
Firstly, the text is getting extracted. Post that, the text is broken down into chunks, and then each chunk is converted into a vector, and that vector is getting pushed into the vector store. So now we have this particular file present over here. We have a playground retrieval just beside this. What this will do is you can put in your query and see whether you are able to retrieve the chunks from this particular PDF file.
This will ensure that the PDF file has been processed correctly and pushed into the vector store. Let's try it out. So what are the core values of NovaBridge?
Here, you should just ensure that the chunks are coming up When you have this knowledge base attached with the agent, it is these chunks that will be used by the agent. Also, here you can see the percentage is coming up. This percentage implies the similarity match. This is the similarity score between this particular query and the chunk present in the vector store.
Now, we support different retrieval types, and you can also set the number of chunks to be retrieved and the score threshold. Here, the score threshold is in the form of decimal, and here it's in the form of percentage. Point six implies sixty percent, point seven implies seventy percent, and so on. Let us now understand the retrieval types that we support.
We have basic retrieval type. What basic does is, it takes the query, converts this query into an embedding or a vector, and then it performs a similarity match between the vectors present in the vector data store and the vector that is formed by this particular query. And that similarity search is-- gives us this percentage similarity match.
Then the next one is MMR, which stands for maximal marginal relevance. This is an advanced algorithm, and this is very useful whenever you have documents which has very similar content present in the vector data store. Then you have hypothetical document embedding, called HYDE, which is also an advanced retrieval type or algorithm.
In hypothetical document embedding, as the name suggests, it first creates an hypothetical answer to your query, and then the vector is generated based on that hypothetical answer and post that, the similarity search is done between the vector of the hypothetical answer and the vectors present in the vector data store.
HYDE is generally used whenever the queries are very generic in nature. So once you do the appropriate selection, click on Save, and that's it. Your knowledge base is ready. Next, we will see how to create an agent
So here we will click on Agent and let's give it a nice name Employee policy agent. An agent capable of answering queries Related to employee
Policies
And here you are supposed to give the agent role, goal, and instructions. Now you can type out everything, the agent role, the agent goal, and the agent instructions, or you can also specify a very simple role which states what you are trying to achieve with this agent. Answer queries related to employee policies based on the knowledge base.
And then you can click on Improve. What this will do is take this small piece of text and generate a very detailed role and instructions. Let's try this out
And here you go. You have the role. You are an expert employee policy specialist. Your primary role is to accurately answer user queries by consulting the provided knowledge base regarding employee policies. And here you have the instructions. Goal is optional when you are creating a single agent, but plays a very vital role whenever you are creating a managerial agent.
So given that we are creating a single agent, we can leave this blank for now. Now let's understand the instruction. Receive the user's policy-related query, consult the designated knowledge base thoroughly for relevant information, and so on and so forth. Now, let's quickly check what happens if the answer is not present in the knowledge base
So we say that the ensure that the answer is derived solely from the information available in the knowledge base, but we don't know what to do when it's not there. So let's write that particular instruction. In case the answer to the query
is not present in the knowledge base State that you do not know the answer. And that looks good. Now let's see the model. So out of the box, we support all the commercial models that are out there in the market. But apart from that, if you have your own pre-trained model, you can also bring that by going to the left navigation menu and into the connections and into the models
If you have your pre-trained model, you will be hosting it in one of these places. And wherever you have hosted it, just click on the plus button of that relevant technology. Click on Add, put in your credentials and the name of the model, and click on Save. Once that is done, that particular model will start appearing in this dropdown towards the bottom.
Once this is selected, let's go to the knowledge base and add in our recently created knowledge base and click on Save. That's it. All the changes are done on this agent, and let's click on Create. The agent has got created. It's just a click of the button, and post this click, your agent is created and ready to be used.
Let's try it out. For that, go to Playground. To begin with, let's just say hi
And you are getting the answer to your "hi." Now let's just ask some query associated with whatever is present in the employee handbook. Let's say, how many hours of work is expected of a part-time employee?
So here you get a part-time employee is expected to work less than thirty-five hours per week. If you look at this employee handbook, here it is. So part-time, less than thirty-five hours per week. Also note that this data was present in the tabular format, and because of our PDF parser being capable of reading data present in a tabular format, we were able to get the answer as expected.
Now, if you see
Now let us see what has happened behind the scene. For that, in this activity section, you can see what has happened behind the scene. So let's go right at the bottom. So when I said hi, the agent process started. There was a check off on the KB documents as well, and then finally, their answer was given out.
Also, the data was stored into the memory so that you have the conversational history in place. Then when I asked the second question, how many hours of work is expected of a part-time employee? The agent process started. Again, the knowledge base documents were retrieved, and if you look in detail, you will also have some of the chunks mentioning about this particular information on the hours expected of a part-time employee.
And then you have this answer and the query getting stored in Laiza memory, and then it's given to the LLM to generate a response that is easy for the user to understand, and you have the response coming up on the screen. So the activity is present just at the right of your screen, and you can take a look at what happened behind the scene.
Thus, we have successfully created an agent which is based on a knowledge base. Let's try out one more query which does not have answer present in the employee handbook. Let's say
What is The compensation for a software engineer with five years of work experience
So it says that I don't know the answer to this particular question. So our agent is working as expected
